Adding Typescript and Mantine example (#36294)
vercel/next.js: examples/with-typescript-mantine/README.md

# TypeScript & Mantine Next.js example

> This is a really simple project that show the usage of Next.js with TypeScript and Mantine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a simple project that shows the usage of Next.js with TypeScript and Mantine.
```

Deploy the example using [Vercel](https://vercel.com?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=next-example) or preview live with [StackBlitz](https://stackblitz.com/github/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/examples/with-typescript-mantine)

[![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/git/external?repository-url=https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/examples/with-typescript-mantine&project-name=with-typescript-mantine&repository-name=with-typescript-mantine)

## How to use it?

Execute [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app) with [npm](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/init) or [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/lang/en/docs/cli/create/) to bootstrap the example:

```bash
npx create-next-app --example with-typescript-mantine with-typescript-mantine-app
# or
yarn create next-app --example with-typescript-mantine with-typescript-mantine-app
# or
pnpm create next-app -- --example with-typescript-mantine with-typescript-mantine-app
```

Deploy it to the cloud with [Vercel](https://vercel.com/new?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=next-example) ([Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment)).

> 
> ## Notes
> 
> This is an amalgamation of the 1 existing example:
> 
> - [with-typescript](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/examples/with-typescript)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

I don't think this is a useful note, let's remove it.
